Light the candle with the match.
The match was well played.
The couple looks like a perfect match.
Show some light here.
Her skin tone is light.
It is as light as a feather.
The sparkling light of his youth faded away with poverty.
She will have a light snack.
I am a play character in Hamlet.
They play football.
That was a child's play.
Play the piano for me please.
The river bank is so quiet.
The bank bounced his cheque.
The plant is the major source of pollutant in the village.
Don't uproot the plant, they are live saviours.
Don't plant such ideas in her head.
Plant more trees, they provide us oxygen.
The ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded.
He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub.
A ball of fire was emerging from the basement.
Will they never find a cure for the common cold?
Come in out of the cold.
A cold and unaffectionate person.
I did not anticipate such a cold reply from him.
The water is very cold, can you give me some warm water please.
She was very happy to receive a warm welcome!
The blanket will warm you.
Warm up for the gym, will you?
She looks so hot in those jeans.
A hot temper will land you in trouble.
The tea is so hot, I can't drink it now.
Game of Thrones is always a hot topic amongst teens.
The chicken curry is very hot, how much of that Indian masala have you added?
He had an heart attack yesterday.
My heart is yearing to meet you.
This lab is the heart of the building.
He is engaged to that foreign actress.
Why are you engaging me in useless conversation?
If the door does not open, ram it down.
Ram was married to a princess.
Such low quality products are now common in the market.
I am feeling a bit low.
The knife cut was fatal.
Cut the cake into two halves.
Everyone's pay was cut due to the great depression.
You can drink the water from the tap as it is pure.
You go and tap him slowly on the shoulders, this will scare the hell out of him!
The British will not leave an opportunity to tap the resources of its colonies.
You stooped so low that you will now tap my telephone?
